[Rules for sequence of play]
When play begins is a rulebook.
Every turn is a rulebook.
When play ends is a rulebook.

[Actions rulebooks]
Persuasion is a rulebook.
Unsuccessful attempt is a rulebook.
Before is a rulebook.
Instead is a rulebook.
Check is a rulebook. 
Carry out is a rulebook.
After is a rulebook.
Report is a rulebook.

[Commands rulebooks]
Does the player mean is a rulebook.
Reading a command is an activity.
Deciding the scope is an activity.
Deciding the concealed possessions is an activity.
Deciding whether all includes is an activity.
Clarifying the parser choice is an activity.
Asking which do you mean is an activity.
Printing a parse error is an activity.
Supplying a missing noun is an activity.
Supplying a missing second noun is an activity.
Implicitly taking is an activity.

[Accessibility]
Reaching inside is an object based rulebook.
Reaching outside is an object based rulebook.
Visibility is a rulebook.

[How things are described]
Printing the name is an activity.
Printing the plural name is an activity.
Printing a number is an activity.
Printing room description details is an activity.
Printing inventory details is an activity.
Listing contents is an activity.
Grouping together is an activity.
Writing a paragraph about is an activity.
Listing nondescript items is an activity.
Printing the locale description is an activity.
Choosing notable locale objects is an activity.
Printing a locale paragraph about is an activity.

[Light and darkness]
Printing the name of a dark room is an activity.
Printing the description of a dark room is an activity.
Printing the annoncement of darkness is an activity.
Printing the announcement of light is an activity.
Printing a refusal to act in the dark is an activity.

[Top level]
Startup rules is a rulebook.
Turn sequence rules is a rulebook.
Shutdown rules is a rulebook.

[How actions are processed]
Action-processing rules is a rulebook.
Specific action-processing rules is a rulebook.
Player action awareness rules is a rulebook.

[How responses are printed - Use activity instead]
Issuing the response text is an activity.
